<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="faq-partner-orderfulfill">
    <title>What is the order fulfillment process?</title>
    <body>
        <p><ph conref="../reuse/reuse-content.dita#reuse-content/shop-with-points"/> is not a
            click-away shopping site. As such, the customer will not be</p>
        <p> redirected to the merchant site, and his/her order will be placed with the merchant
            by our automated system. The high-level</p>
        <p> process for order fulfillment is as follows:</p>
        <ol>
            <li>The customer shops and completes the check-out process the <ph
                conref="../reuse/reuse-content.dita#reuse-content/shop-with-points"> s </ph>
                site.</li>
            <li>
                <p>At this point, the system will have all the information needed to place an
                    order with the corresponding</p>
                <p> merchants.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Then, our automated system will use that information to place the order (on
                    behalf of the customer), with the</p>
                <p> corresponding *merchant.</p>
            </li>
            <li>The merchant will in turn generate order information and pass it back to our
                system, where it will successfully be completed or get **rejected.</li>
        </ol>
        <p><i>*merchant in this context refers to integration</i></p>
        <ul>
            <li>we can integrate with an e-commerce site directly</li>
            <li>using web services</li>
            <li>using an API</li>
        </ul>
        <p><i>**an order can be rejected for a number of reason, but usually involve data
            discrepancies arising through the order process</i></p>
        <ul>
            <li>item availability</li>
            <li>item price</li>
            <li>item shipping, tax, etc.</li>
        </ul>

    </body>
</topic>
