<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="faq-order-placement-engine">
    <title>Automated Order Placement</title>
    <body>
        <p>The <ph conref="../reuse/reuse-content.dita#reuse-content/shop-with-points"/>uses an
            internal shopping cart where customers can add products from various retailers to a
            single cart. The customer checks out though the site's order placement process. The
            Order Placement Engine (OPE) will place the order on the retailer e-commerce shopping
            site(s), on behalf of the customer. The customer will never see the retailer
            site(s).</p>
        <section>
            <title>Using Retailer Shopping Site</title>
            <p>The OPE is a java program that crawls the retailer site simulating a card member
                adding products to the cart and checking out. The system uses a controller for each
                retailer integration and is highly customizable. The controller uses HTTP GET and
                POST requests along with JavaScript to place orders.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Using Web Service or API</title>
            <p>The OPE can integrate with a web service or API to place orders. This is the
                preferred method of integration. The integration process takes place during partner
                onboarding. The partner will provide integration instructions for their service to
                include authentication instructions and API reference documentation if available.
                The OPE supports most API technologies:</p><ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>REST</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>SOAP/Web Service</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>GraphQL</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>WebSocket</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Server-Sent Events (SSE)</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>gRPC</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>JSON-RPC / XML-RPC</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
