<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Untitled">
    <title>Biography</title>
    <body>
        <p>My technical writing journey began as an Automotive Maintenance Technician in the United
            States Marine Corps. I did not write technical documentation, but I was a daily
            end-user. For years I relied on USMC Technical Manuals (TMs) to do my job. I understood
            the importance of having everything needed to complete a task in a technical subject
            area.</p>
        <p>After the military I used my GI Bill to complete a Bachelor of Arts degree in Technical
            Writing. At the time, the University of Central Florida had one of the few Technical
            Writing programs in existence. Software documentation was the focus of that program. One
            of my first documentation projects was a User Guide for an HTML Editor.</p>
        <p>After graduating from UCF, I earned a position with Pratt &amp; Whitney in their
            Associate Military Technical Writer Program. I came full circle as a writer of United
            States Air force, jet engine maintenance Technical Orders. After some years writing
            hardware documentation, I decided to move back to software.</p>
        <p>Since making this transition, pursued and education in Information Systems and Computer
            Science. I have worked in various areas of the content lifecycle and software
            development. I became interested in the emerging area of content engineering as I worked
            in structured content, modular documentation, and single-sourcing using XML technology.
            I have provided technical support to authoring communities through developing XML
            schemas, transformations and software components.</p>
        <p>Information Security Policy and API Reference Documentation has been my most recent
            focus. I have worked with engineers and in software development and Information
            Technology environments for most of my career.  As a result, I have gained a solid
            understanding of software systems end-to-end and have depth of knowledge from an
            engineering  and authoring perspective. I am seeking a position where I can leverage my
            breadth of technical expertise to produce documentation for a range of end-users. </p>
    </body>
</topic>
