<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="crypto-key-mgt-secure-storage">
    <title>Secure Storage</title>
    <body>

        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-desc"/></title>
            <!-- what, why -->
            <p>Keys used to protect stored account data must be securely stored. Secure key storage
                is important because it protects cryptographic keys from unauthorized access, which
                helps maintain the integrity and confidentiality of data. Without secure key
                storage, keys can be vulnerable to attacks that extract them from a device's storage
                or application. Secure storage is also important for the following reasons:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>It prevents attackers from accessing and downloading a device's flash to
                        extract keys.  </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It prevents attackers from taking control of a user's application or
                        privileges to access keys.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It reduces the chance that they will be compromised.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>For compliance with industry and government regulations.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-cont"/></title>
            <p>Secure storage of encryption keys is controlled as follows:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>Keys are not stored with the data they encrypt.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Keys that can decrypt data are never be present in source code.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>DEKs are encrypted with KEKs.</p>
                </li>
                <li><p>Key Encryption Keys (KEKs) are stored in a Thales Luna HSM (Hardware Security
                        Module).</p></li>
                <li><p>Data Encryption Keys (DEKs) are stored in Hashicorp Vault.</p></li>
                <li><p>Vaults are encrypted and access is restricted through a AD accounts. There is
                        only one vault per application, per environment (development, preproduction,
                        and production).</p></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-ref"/></title>
            <!-- per -->
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.3</cite></p>
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.7</cite></p>
        </section>
    </body>

</topic>
