<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="crypto-key-mgt-rotation">
    <title>Rotation</title>
    <body>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-desc"/></title>
            <p>Keys used to protect stored account data must be rotated at the end of the
                cryptoperiod (replaced, retired, and destroyed). Keys rotation is important for the
                following reasons:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>It limits the amount of data that is encrypted with the same key, which
                        reduces the impact if that key is compromised.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It prevents sustained access making it harder for unauthorized users to gain
                        access to sensitive data for extended periods of time.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It helps systems recover more quickly after security lapses.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>
                <ul id="ul_fsw_vdb_vcc">
                    <li> It prevents cracking by making any progress made on cracking a key
                        obsolete.</li>
                    <li> For compliance with industry and government regulations.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-cont"/></title>
            <p>Keys will be rotated upon occurrence of the following:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>At the end of its cryptoperiod.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>If integrity of the key has been weakened.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>If suspected of or known to be compromised.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>When transitioning to a new algorithm.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Keys are rotated every 90 days. The following operations are performed at the time of
                rotation.</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>keys are generated</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>keys are retired</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>keys are destroyed</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
            <p>Key rotations must be documented for tracking purposes and historical record.</p>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-ref"/></title>
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.5</cite></p>
        </section>
    </body>

</topic>
