<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="crypto_key_secure_distribution">
    <title>Secure distribution</title>
    <body>

        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-desc"/></title>
            <!-- what, why -->
            <p>Keys used to protect stored account data must be securely distributed. Secure key
                distribution is important for data security because it ensures that only authorized
                parties receive the correct keys, and that encrypted data is not compromised. Secure
                distribution is also important for the following reasons: </p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>It provides secrecy and authentication for communication</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It protects against vulnerability as interception is possible during the
                        exchange.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It ensures that keys used for encryption and decryption are not compromised,
                        stolen, or tampered with.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>It prevents unauthorized key substitution.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p><ph conkeyref="gen/comp-req"/></p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-cont"/></title>
            <p>Secure distribution of encryption keys is controlled as follows:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>Key access is managed through HashiCorp Vault.</p>
                </li>
                <!--<li>
                    <p>Vaults are encrypted and access is restricted through a AD accounts.</p>
                </li>-->
                <li>
                    <p>Key operations require membership in the ActiveDirectory (AD)
                            <codeph>key_custodian</codeph> security group.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Key operations involving cleartext secrets require split knowledge from two
                        key custodians.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Key custodian role is limited to three individuals. Two custodians will be
                        available for applicable key operations and one backup custodian. </p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Key custodians are required to formally acknowledge (in writing or
                        electronically) that they understand and accept their responsibilities.
                        Acknowledgements are tracked and stored by the group administrator.</p>
                </li>

            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title><ph conkeyref="gen/pol-ref"/></title>
            <!-- per -->
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.2</cite></p>
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.6</cite></p>
            <p><cite><ph conkeyref="gen/pci-ref-prefix"/>3.7.8</cite></p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
